[ODS-6092] Improve startup documentation for Docker compose scripts (#192)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/Ed-Fi-ODS-Docker: GETTING_STARTED.md

> # Getting Started with Docker Containers for Ed-Fi ODS

Reviewer: @mjaksn Can you move this file under 'docs' folder.

### Step 6: Launch the containers

Execute the `sandbox-env-up.ps1` helper script using PowerShell with administrative privileges:

```sh
./sandbox-env-up.ps1 -Engine PostgreSQL
```

### Step 7: Check Running Containers

Run the following command to verify that the necessary containers are up and running as expected, including services such as the Swagger UI and ODS API.

```sh
docker ps
```

### Step 8: Connect to the ODS Web Interfaces

Once the containers have started and finished initializing, the sandbox ODS web applications can be accessed using the following URLs (NOTE: these URLs may be different if settings were customized in the previous steps):

| Application | URL |
|:----------|:----------|
| Swagger UI | https://localhost |
| Sandbox Admin | https://localhost/admin |    |
| ODS API | https://localhost/api |

### Step 9: Clean Up the Environment

Run the following PowerShell script to remove the Ed-Fi ODS Sandbox Docker containers and volumes.

```sh
./sandbox-env-clean.ps1
```

## Additional Information

- **Creating Custom Compose Files**:

> The example compose files in this repository create ODS instances for the years 2022 and 2023. The `Compose-Generator` folder in this repository contains a Docker file along with a mustache template for generating customized compose files. Instructions for using this tool can be found in the [Docker Deployment document](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/EDFITOOLS/Docker+Deployment) in Tech Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the example compose files in the `Compose` folder,  the `Compose-Generator` folder in this repository contains a Docker file and a Mustache template for generating customized compose files. Instructions for using this tool can be found in the [Docker Deployment document](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/EDFITOOLS/Docker+Deployment) in Tech Docs.
```
